README.md, before:

# Machine Learning in Cybersecurity
This repo contains the assignments, works and project made during the Course Machine Learning in Cybersecurity
taken in Reykjavík University during the Fall Semester 2024. 
The objective of this repository is to explore and implement various machine learning algorithms 
to address common cybersecurity challenges such as spam detection, bank fraud detection and more.

## Repository Structure
The repository is organized according to the key topics explored during the "Machine Learning in Cybersecurity" course:
- [Bank Fraud Detection](bank_fraud/): This directory contains the code and resources related to the bank fraud
detection topic.
- [Spam Detection](spam_detection/): This directory contains the code and resources for the spam detection topic, which 
was addressed in the first assignment of the course.

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.x;
- virtualenv;
- Specific libraries mentioned in the `requirements.txt` file;

## Setup
1. Clone the repository;
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/giorgiosld/Machine-Learning-in-Cybersecurity.git
    cd Machine-Learning-in-Cybersecurity
    ```
2. Create and activate virtual environment;
    ```
    virtualenv venv
    source venv/bin/activate
    ```
3. Install the required libraries;
    ```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

[add] Added new README for Network Intrudion Detection's topic

README.md, after:

# Machine Learning in Cybersecurity
This repo contains the assignments, works and project made during the Course Machine Learning in Cybersecurity
taken in Reykjavík University during the Fall Semester 2024. 
The objective of this repository is to explore and implement various machine learning algorithms 
to address common cybersecurity challenges such as spam detection, bank fraud detection and more.

## Repository Structure
The repository is organized according to the key topics explored during the "Machine Learning in Cybersecurity" course:
- [Bank Fraud Detection](bank_fraud/): This directory contains the code and resources related to the bank fraud
detection topic.
- [Spam Detection](spam_detection/): This directory contains the code and resources for the spam detection topic, which 
was addressed in the first assignment of the course.
- [Network Intrusion Detection](network_intrusion_detection/): This directory contains the code and resources for the network intrusion detection topic.

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.x;
- virtualenv;
- Specific libraries mentioned in the `requirements.txt` file;

## Setup
1. Clone the repository;
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/giorgiosld/Machine-Learning-in-Cybersecurity.git
    cd Machine-Learning-in-Cybersecurity
    ```
2. Create and activate virtual environment;
    ```
    virtualenv venv
    source venv/bin/activate
    ```
3. Install the required libraries;
    ```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
