spam_detection/README.md, before:

# Spam Detection

This directory contains the implementation of a spam email classifier developed as part of the "Machine Learning in
Cybersecurity" course at Reykjavík University during the Fall Semester 2024.

## Project Overview
This project involves implementing a spam email classifier using Python and scikit-learn. The classifier is trained to 
identify spam emails based on textual content.

## Tasks
1. **Data Preprocessing**:
   + Removal of stop-words and lemmatization.
   + Creating a dictionary of the 2000 most frequent words after filtering out non-words.
2. **Feature Extraction**:
   + Transform each email into a word count vector based on the dictionary.
3. **Model Training**: 
   + Train a Naive Bayes classifier `(MultinomialNB from sklearn.naive_bayes)`.
4. **Model Evaluation**: 
   + Test the trained classifier on a test set and evaluate its performance.

## Usage
1. Preprocess the data:
   ```
   python preprocess.py
   ```
2. Train the classifier:
   ```
   python vectorize.py
   ```
3. Evaluate the classifier:
   ```
   python analyze_data.py
   ```

## Dataset
+ The dataset used to train the model is the [Lingspam Public Dataset](train-mails).
+ The dataset used to evaluate the model is the [Lingspam Public Dataset](test-mails).

Commit message:

[edit] Edited README files for enhance clarity and avoid redundancy between main and subdirectory READMEs

spam_detection/README.md, after:

# Spam Detection

This directory contains resources and code developed as part of the "Machine Learning in Cybersecurity" course at 
Reykjavík University during the Fall Semester 2024. The topic of spam detection is explored through the implementation
of a spam email classifier using Python and scikit-learn. This classifier is trained to identify spam emails based on 
their textual content, illustrating key concepts discussed in the course, such as data preprocessing, feature 
extraction, and model evaluation.

## Directory Structure
- [Assignment](assignment/): Contains the assignment details.
- [Datasets](dataset/): Contains the email datasets used for training and testing the classifier.
- [Lab](lab/): Contains the Python scripts used for data processing, feature extraction, and model evaluation.

For more details on other topics covered in this course, refer to the main repository's [README](../README.md).


## Dataset
+ The dataset used to train the model is the [Lingspam Public Dataset](dataset/train-mails).
+ The dataset used to evaluate the model is the [Lingspam Public Dataset](dataset/test-mails).
